add custom opening and closing tags (#112)
mondeja/mkdocs-include-markdown-plugin: README.md

> Make sure that you define `include-markdown` before other plugins that could
 conflict, like [`mkdocs-macros-plugin`][mkdocs-macros-plugin-link].

### Custom opening and closing tags

> The default opening and closing tags are `{%` and `%}`. You can change this
> default with the argments `opening_tag` and `closing_tag`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default opening and closing tags are `{%` and `%}`. You can change this
default with configuration fields `opening_tag` and `closing_tag`:
```
